Adding disable property caching FAQ (#359)
dbus2/zbus: book/src/faq.md

# FAQ

> ## Why aren't property values updating for my service that doesn't notify changes?

Reviewer: Please add this new question at the bottom. :)

A common issue might arise when using zbus and your service's property values aren't updating. 

> This is due to zbus' default caching policy, which updates the value of a property only when 

Reviewer: This is specific to `Proxy` but the text makes it sound like it's the general behavior (e.g you won't face this with the low-level `MessageStream` API). Would be good to be specific here.

a change is signaled, primarily to minimize latency and optimize client request performance. 
By default, if your service does not emit change notifications, the property values will not 
update accordingly. 

However, you can explicitly bypass this caching mechanism by using the 

> `#[dbus_proxy(property(emits_changed_signal = "false"))]` annotation. 

Reviewer: Similarly here, we're assuming that it's a specific proxy type generated by `dbus_proxy`. One can have the same issue with `Proxy`. We should mention that [`ProxyBuilder::uncached_properties` method](https://docs.rs/zbus/3.13.1/zbus/struct.ProxyBuilder.html#method.uncached_properties) can be used when dealing with `Proxy`.

This way, zbus will not expect change notifications for the property, allowing for a 

> manual update of the values.

Reviewer: Would be good to add here:

> Please refer to `emits_changed_signal` part of [`dbus_proxy` documentation](https://docs.rs/zbus/3.13.1/zbus/attr.dbus_proxy.html) for other values of this attribute and their purpose.

Please consult [`MessageStream`] documentation for details.

## Why aren't property values updating for my service that doesn't notify changes?

A common issue might arise when using a zbus proxy is that your proxy's property values aren't 
updating. This is due to zbus' default caching policy, which updates the value of a property only
when a change is signaled, primarily to minimize latency and optimize client request performance.
By default, if your service does not emit change notifications, the property values will not
update accordingly. 

> However, you can explicitly bypass this caching mechanism for a client:
> ### 1. Client built via `dbus_proxy`
> By adding the `#[dbus_proxy(property(emits_changed_signal = "false"))]` annotation to your proxy
> 
> ### 2. Client built via `ProxyBuilder`

Reviewer: * Some vertical spacing please.
* bypassing -> disabling caching for specific properties.
* A few other rewordings (see below).

```suggestion
However, you can disabling caching for specific properties:

### 1. `dbus_proxy`-generated proxies

By adding the `#[dbus_proxy(property(emits_changed_signal = "false"))]` annotation to your property.

### 2. `Proxy` instances

```

Reviewer: Oh and I think it's best to also list disabling of property caching for all the properties of a proxy through `ProxyBuilder::cache_properites` (which works for both kinds of proxies.

> `ProxyBuilder::uncached_properties` method to your builder

Reviewer: this phrase doesn't make sense. Please write a full sentence and end with a `.`.

This way, zbus will not expect change notifications for the property, allowing for a 
manual update of the values.

> For more information about all the possible values for `emits_changed_signal` refer to [`dbus_proxy`](https://docs.rs/zbus/3.13.1/zbus/attr.dbus_proxy.html) documentation.

Reviewer: break the line at `to` to fit under 100 chars.

> 

Reviewer: Redundant line.

```suggestion
```

Please consult [`MessageStream`] documentation for details.

## Why aren't property values updating for my service that doesn't notify changes?

A common issue might arise when using a zbus proxy is that your proxy's property values aren't 
updating. This is due to zbus' default caching policy, which updates the value of a property only
when a change is signaled, primarily to minimize latency and optimize client request performance.
By default, if your service does not emit change notifications, the property values will not
update accordingly. 

However, you can disabling caching for specific properties:

- Add the `#[dbus_proxy(property(emits_changed_signal = "false"))]` annotation to the property
for which you desire to disable caching on.

- Use `ProxyBuilder` to build your proxy instance and use `ProxyBuilder::uncached_properties` method
to list all properties you wish to disable caching for.

- In order to disable caching for either type of proxy use the `ProxyBuilder::cache_properites` 

> method.

Reviewer: `ProxyBuilder::uncached_properties` and `ProxyBuilder::cache_properites` should be links to the docs on these methods.

Author: Yup I followed the new convention of adding doc URLS

For more information about all the possible values for `emits_changed_signal` refer

>  to [`dbus_proxy`](https://docs.rs/zbus/3.13.1/zbus/attr.dbus_proxy.html) documentation.

Reviewer: * Best to use footnote link syntax. See other links in this file (e.g `tctiog` and `Type`).
* Just realized that this para only applies to the first bullet point. Please move this sentence there and remove this para.

Author: I added a block quote to it because just moving it up to the bullet point looked weird, I am not sure if putting it in a block quote was appropriate 😅

Reviewer: > I added a block quote to it because just moving it up to the bullet point looked weird,

What block quote? :thinking: I am just talking about the whole paragraph (don't see any quotation involved). It only applies to one bullet point so it belongs there.

Author: So I just append this to the first bullet point?

Reviewer: yes, the sentence, as I wrote in my first comment here. :)

[tctiog]: https://github.com/tokio-rs/tokio/issues/2201
[`Type`]: https://docs.rs/zvariant/3.1.0/zvariant/derive.Type.html

> [`SerializeDict`]: https://docs.rs/zvariant/3.0.0/zvariant/derive.SerializeDict.html

Reviewer: your branch was a bit old so you didn't see my changes from a637c7b87 so it's understandable you linked to exact versions on docs.rs but you can keep in mind when updating/adding links now.

Please consult [`MessageStream`] documentation for details.

## Why aren't property values updating for my service that doesn't notify changes?

A common issue might arise when using a zbus proxy is that your proxy's property values aren't 
updating. This is due to zbus' default caching policy, which updates the value of a property only
when a change is signaled, primarily to minimize latency and optimize client request performance.
By default, if your service does not emit change notifications, the property values will not
update accordingly. 

However, you can disabling caching for specific properties:

### 1. `dbus_proxy` generated proxies

Add the `#[dbus_proxy(property(emits_changed_signal = "false"))]` annotation to the property
for which you desire to disable caching on.

### 2. `Proxy` instances

> Use the `ProxyBuilder::uncached_properties` method on your Client built with `ProxyBuilder` to 

Author: Client is just the terminology I've seen used more when referring to an object that's interfacing with a remote service. However you're correct that proxy is more accurate here.

disable caching on it's properties.

> ### 3. Either type

Reviewer: Not sure we need headings here.

In order to disable caching for either type of Client use the `ProxyBuilder::cache_properites` 
method.

This way, zbus will not expect change notifications for the property, allowing for a 

> manual update of the values.

Reviewer: I'd just remove this. It's obvious from above.
